3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (2 Years No Warranty)	Underbody	Small	1040	450	1490	"Keep your car under body rust free with 3M ""Under Shield"" formula.This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from Rusting."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (With 2 Years Warranty)	Underbody	Small	1040	450	1490	"Keep your car under body rust free with 3M warranted ""Under Shield"" formula.This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from Rusting. 4 free periodic check-ups."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (5 Years No Warranty)	Underbody	Small	2090	900	2990	"Keep your car underbody rust free with 3M warranted ""body shutz"" formula. This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from rusting. 3M's Body Schutz also offers following benefits. Sound deadening for a smoother ride. Heat Insulation. Protection from chippin"3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (With 5 Years Warranty)	Underbody	Small	2090	900	2990	"Keep your car underbody rust free with 3M warranted ""body shutz"" formula. This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from rusting. 3M's Body Schutz also offers following benefits. Sound deadening for a smoother ride. Heat Insulation. Protection from chipping. 10 free periodic checkups."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (2 Years No Warranty)	Underbody	Medium	1290	550	1840	"Keep your car under body rust free with 3M ""Under Shield"" formula.This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from Rusting."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (With 2 Years Warranty)	Underbody	Medium	1290	550	1840	"Keep your car under body rust free with 3M warranted ""Under Shield"" formula.This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from Rusting. 4 free periodic check-ups."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (5 Years No Warranty)	Underbody	Medium	2440	1050	3490	"Keep your car underbody rust free with 3M warranted ""body shutz"" formula. This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from rusting. 3M's Body Schutz also offers following benefits. Sound deadening for a smoother ride. Heat Insulation. Protection from chippin"3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (With 5 Years Warranty)	Underbody	Medium	2440	1050	3490	"Keep your car underbody rust free with 3M warranted ""body shutz"" formula. This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from rusting. 3M's Body Schutz also offers following benefits. Sound deadening for a smoother ride. Heat Insulation. Protection from chipping. 10 free periodic checkups."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (2 Years No Warranty)	Underbody	Large	1790	750	2540	"Keep your car under body rust free with 3M ""Under Shield"" formula.This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from Rusting."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (With 2 Years Warranty)	Underbody	Large	1790	750	2540	"Keep your car under body rust free with 3M warranted ""Under Shield"" formula.This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from Rusting. 4 free periodic check-ups."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (5 Years No Warranty)	Underbody	Large	2940	1250	4190	"Keep your car underbody rust free with 3M warranted ""body shutz"" formula. This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from rusting. 3M's Body Schutz also offers following benefits. Sound deadening for a smoother ride. Heat Insulation. Protection from chippin"3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (With 5 Years Warranty)	Underbody	Large	2940	1250	4190	"Keep your car underbody rust free with 3M warranted ""body shutz"" formula. This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from rusting. 3M's Body Schutz also offers following benefits. Sound deadening for a smoother ride. Heat Insulation. Protection from chipping. 10 free periodic checkups."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (2 Years No Warranty)	Underbody	Extra Large	1890	850	2740	"Keep your car under body rust free with 3M ""Under Shield"" formula.This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from Rusting."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (With 2 Years Warranty)	Underbody	Extra Large	1890	850	2740	"Keep your car under body rust free with 3M warranted ""Under Shield"" formula.This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from Rusting. 4 free periodic check-ups."3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (5 Years No Warranty)	Underbody	Extra Large	3040	1350	4390	"Keep your car underbody rust free with 3M warranted ""body shutz"" formula. This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from rusting. 3M's Body Schutz also offers following benefits. Sound deadening for a smoother ride. Heat Insulation. Protection from chippin"3M	VAS	3M anti Corrosion Treatment (With 5 Years Warranty)	Underbody	Extra Large	3040	1350	4390	"Keep your car underbody rust free with 3M warranted ""body shutz"" formula. This treatment provides ultimate protection to the under chassis from rusting. 3M's Body Schutz also offers following benefits. Sound deadening for a smoother ride. Heat Insulation. Protection from chipping. 10 free periodic checkups."3M	VAS	Engine Shield	Underbody	Small	590	300	890	Protect your Engine Compartment with 3M Engine Coat3M	VAS	Engine Shield	Underbody	Medium	840	350	1190	Protect your Engine Compartment with 3M Engine Coat3M	VAS	Engine Shield	Underbody	Large	1040	450	1490	Protect your Engine Compartment with 3M Engine Coat3M	VAS	Engine Shield	Underbody	Extra Large	1190	500	1690	Protect your Engine Compartment with 3M Engine Coat3M	Cleaning	Wash	Underbody	Small	190	100	290	Underbody wash regular3M	Cleaning	Wash	Underbody	Medium	240	150	390	Underbody wash regular3M	Cleaning	Wash	Underbody	Large	340	150	490	Underbody wash regular3M	Cleaning	Wash	Underbody	Extra Large	390	200	590	Underbody wash regular3M	Cleaning	"Wash (Weekend, Holiday)"	Underbody	Small	240	150	390	Underbody wash regular3M	Cleaning	"Wash (Weekend, Holiday)"	Underbody	Medium	340	150	490	Underbody wash regular3M	Cleaning	"Wash (Weekend, Holiday)"	Underbody	Large	390	200	590	Underbody wash regular3M	Cleaning	"Wash (Weekend, Holiday)"	Underbody	Extra Large	490	250	740	Underbody wash regular3M	Cleaning	5 Point Correction	Interior	Small	240	100	340	"It consists of battery terminal coat for rust prevention, elecrical contact protection, belt dressing, door hinges and window channel lubrication to cure or prevent these small but nagging problems"3M	Cleaning	Carpet Vacuuming	Interior	Small	140	50	190	Dry vacuuming of the carpets3M	Cleaning	Dashboard Shine	Interior	Small	90	50	140	Dashboard cleaning and dressing3M	VAS	Engine Dresser	Interior	Small	190	100	290	Cleaning the engine of your car.3M	Cleaning	Interior Classic	Interior	Small	740	350	1090	"Your family deserves clean & hygienic travel, that's why this interior cleaning is so essential for your car. Cleans car interior, removing dirt & marks in 20 different areas of the interior surface. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor, side panels and boot area. Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner. Dashboard cleaning and dressing. Cleaning and polish of interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning."3M	Cleaning	Interior Germikleen	Interior	Small	1190	550	1740	"Give a great new look to your car interior and get rid of 99% Bacteria. Complete interior cleaning with premium foam based product. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor and side panels and dashboard dressing. Cleaning and dressing of all interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning. 3M's Anti-microbial treatment to eliminate 99% bacteria."3M	Cleaning	Interior Germikleen Plus	Interior	Small	1790	750	2540	"End-to-End program for car interiors: Full interior cleaning for 99% elimination of Bacteria + AC Duct cleaning + 5 point check. This package includes the following services. Complete interior cleaning including seats, roof, floor and side panels using 3M's special antibacterial formulation. Dashboard dressing. Cleaning and dressing of interior plastic parts with anti bacterial formulation. AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from the vent and restore effective cooling. 5 point check of engine belt, wiper blade, door hinges, battery terminal and window channel."3M	Cleaning	Interior Premium	Interior	Small	890	400	1290	"Your family deserves clean & hygienic travel, that's why this interior cleaning is so essential for your car. Cleans car interior, removing dirt & marks in 20 different areas of the interior surface. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor, side panels and boot area. Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner. Dashboard cleaning and dressing. Cleaning and polish of interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning."3M	Cleaning	Interior Premium Plus	Interior	Small	1440	650	2090	"An Excellent Combination Of Premium Interior Clean With Ac Duct Cleaning And A 5 Point Check  Includes Complete Interior Cleaning Including Seats, Roof, Floor And Side Panels Using Premium Foam Based Product Dashboard Dressing Cleaning And Dressing Of Interior Plastic Parts  Interiors Five Point Check Ac Duct Cleaning To Eliminate Foul Smell From Ac Vent"3M	Cleaning	Roof Cleaning Classic	Interior	Small	140	50	190	Cleaning of upholstry  Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner.3M	Cleaning	Single-Seat Cleaning (Classic)	Interior	Small	90	50	140	Cleaning of single seat  Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner.3M	Cleaning	AC Vents Cleaning - Front Vents	Interior	Small	690	300	990	AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from front AC vent 3M	Cleaning	AC Vents Cleaning - Front & Rear Vents	Interior	Small	1190	500	1690	AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from front and rear AC vent 3M	Cleaning	5 Point Correction	Interior	Medium	240	150	390	"It consists of battery terminal coat for rust prevention, elecrical contact protection, belt dressing, door hinges and window channel lubrication to cure or prevent these small but nagging problems"3M	Cleaning	Carpet Vacuuming	Interior	Medium	140	100	240	Dry vacuuming of the carpets3M	Cleaning	Dashboard Shine	Interior	Medium	140	100	240	Dashboard cleaning and dressing3M	VAS	Engine Dresser	Interior	Medium	240	100	340	Cleaning the engine of your car.3M	Cleaning	Interior Classic	Interior	Medium	990	450	1440	"Your family deserves clean & hygienic travel, that's why this interior cleaning is so essential for your car. Cleans car interior, removing dirt & marks in 20 different areas of the interior surface. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor, side panels and boot area. Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner. Dashboard cleaning and dressing. Cleaning and polish of interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning."3M	Cleaning	Interior Germikleen	Interior	Medium	1590	700	2290	"Give a great new look to your car interior and get rid of 99% Bacteria. Complete interior cleaning with premium foam based product. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor and side panels and dashboard dressing. Cleaning and dressing of all interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning. 3M's Anti-microbial treatment to eliminate 99% bacteria."3M	Cleaning	Interior Germikleen Plus	Interior	Medium	2240	1000	3240	"End-to-End program for car interiors: Full interior cleaning for 99% elimination of Bacteria + AC Duct cleaning + 5 point check. This package includes the following services. Complete interior cleaning including seats, roof, floor and side panels using 3M's special antibacterial formulation. Dashboard dressing. Cleaning and dressing of interior plastic parts with anti bacterial formulation. AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from the vent and restore effective cooling. 5 point check of engine belt, wiper blade, door hinges, battery terminal and window channel."3M	Cleaning	Interior Premium	Interior	Medium	1190	500	1690	"Your family deserves clean & hygienic travel, that's why this interior cleaning is so essential for your car. Cleans car interior, removing dirt & marks in 20 different areas of the interior surface. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor, side panels and boot area. Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner. Dashboard cleaning and dressing. Cleaning and polish of interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning."3M	Cleaning	Interior Premium Plus	Interior	Medium	1840	800	2640	"An Excellent Combination Of Premium Interior Clean With Ac Duct Cleaning And A 5 Point Check  Includes Complete Interior Cleaning Including Seats, Roof, Floor And Side Panels Using Premium Foam Based Product Dashboard Dressing Cleaning And Dressing Of Interior Plastic Parts  Interiors Five Point Check Ac Duct Cleaning To Eliminate Foul Smell From Ac Vent"3M	Cleaning	Roof Cleaning Classic	Interior	Medium	140	100	240	Cleaning of upholstry  Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner.3M	Cleaning	Single-Seat Cleaning (Classic)	Interior	Medium	140	100	240	Cleaning of single seat  Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner.3M	Cleaning	AC Vents Cleaning - Front Vents	Interior	Medium	690	300	990	AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from front AC vent 3M	Cleaning	AC Vents Cleaning - Front & Rear Vents	Interior	Medium	1190	500	1690	AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from front and rear AC vent 3M	Cleaning	5 Point Correction	Interior	Large	290	150	440	"It consists of battery terminal coat for rust prevention, elecrical contact protection, belt dressing, door hinges and window channel lubrication to cure or prevent these small but nagging problems"3M	Cleaning	Carpet Vacuuming	Interior	Large	190	100	290	Dry vacuuming of the carpets3M	Cleaning	Dashboard Shine	Interior	Large	190	100	290	Dashboard cleaning and dressing3M	Cleaning	Engine Dresser	Interior	Large	240	150	390	Cleaning the engine of your car.3M	Cleaning	Interior Classic	Interior	Large	1240	550	1790	"Your family deserves clean & hygienic travel, that's why this interior cleaning is so essential for your car. Cleans car interior, removing dirt & marks in 20 different areas of the interior surface. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor, side panels and boot area. Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner. Dashboard cleaning and dressing. Cleaning and polish of interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning."3M	Cleaning	Interior Germikleen	Interior	Large	2140	950	3090	"Give a great new look to your car interior and get rid of 99% Bacteria. Complete interior cleaning with premium foam based product. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor and side panels and dashboard dressing. Cleaning and dressing of all interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning. 3M's Anti-microbial treatment to eliminate 99% bacteria."3M	Cleaning	Interior Germikleen Plus	Interior	Large	3140	1350	4490	"End-to-End program for car interiors: Full interior cleaning for 99% elimination of Bacteria + AC Duct cleaning + 5 point check. This package includes the following services. Complete interior cleaning including seats, roof, floor and side panels using 3M's special antibacterial formulation. Dashboard dressing. Cleaning and dressing of interior plastic parts with anti bacterial formulation. AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from the vent and restore effective cooling. 5 point check of engine belt, wiper blade, door hinges, battery terminal and window channel."3M	Cleaning	Interior Premium	Interior	Large	1440	650	2090	"Your family deserves clean & hygienic travel, that's why this interior cleaning is so essential for your car. Cleans car interior, removing dirt & marks in 20 different areas of the interior surface. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor, side panels and boot area. Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner. Dashboard cleaning and dressing. Cleaning and polish of interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning."3M	Cleaning	Interior Premium Plus	Interior	Large	2440	1050	3490	"An Excellent Combination Of Premium Interior Clean With Ac Duct Cleaning And A 5 Point Check  Includes Complete Interior Cleaning Including Seats, Roof, Floor And Side Panels Using Premium Foam Based Product Dashboard Dressing Cleaning And Dressing Of Interior Plastic Parts  Interiors Five Point Check Ac Duct Cleaning To Eliminate Foul Smell From Ac Vent"3M	Cleaning	Roof Cleaning Classic	Interior	Large	240	100	340	Cleaning of upholstry  Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner.3M	Cleaning	Single-Seat Cleaning (Classic)	Interior	Large	190	100	290	Cleaning of single seat  Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner.3M	Cleaning	AC Vents Cleaning - Front Vents	Interior	Large	690	300	990	AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from front AC vent 3M	Cleaning	AC Vents Cleaning - Front & Rear Vents	Interior	Large	1190	500	1690	AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from front and rear AC vent 3M	Cleaning	5 Point Correction	Interior	Extra Large	390	150	540	"It consists of battery terminal coat for rust prevention, elecrical contact protection, belt dressing, door hinges and window channel lubrication to cure or prevent these small but nagging problems"3M	Cleaning	Carpet Vacuuming	Interior	Extra Large	240	150	390	Dry vacuuming of the carpets3M	Cleaning	Dashboard Shine	Interior	Extra Large	240	150	390	Dashboard cleaning and dressing3M	VAS	Engine Dresser	Interior	Extra Large	340	150	490	Cleaning the engine of your car.3M	Cleaning	Interior Classic	Interior	Extra Large	1390	600	1990	"Your family deserves clean & hygienic travel, that's why this interior cleaning is so essential for your car. Cleans car interior, removing dirt & marks in 20 different areas of the interior surface. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor, side panels and boot area. Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner. Dashboard cleaning and dressing. Cleaning and polish of interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning."3M	Cleaning	Interior Germikleen	Interior	Extra Large	2690	1150	3840	"Give a great new look to your car interior and get rid of 99% Bacteria. Complete interior cleaning with premium foam based product. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor and side panels and dashboard dressing. Cleaning and dressing of all interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning. 3M's Anti-microbial treatment to eliminate 99% bacteria."3M	Cleaning	Interior Germikleen Plus	Interior	Extra Large	3740	1600	5340	"End-to-End program for car interiors: Full interior cleaning for 99% elimination of Bacteria + AC Duct cleaning + 5 point check. This package includes the following services. Complete interior cleaning including seats, roof, floor and side panels using 3M's special antibacterial formulation. Dashboard dressing. Cleaning and dressing of interior plastic parts with anti bacterial formulation. AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from the vent and restore effective cooling. 5 point check of engine belt, wiper blade, door hinges, battery terminal and window channel."3M	Cleaning	Interior Premium	Interior	Extra Large	1740	750	2490	"Your family deserves clean & hygienic travel, that's why this interior cleaning is so essential for your car. Cleans car interior, removing dirt & marks in 20 different areas of the interior surface. This package includes the following services. Complete interior vacuuming and cleaning of seats, roof, floor, side panels and boot area. Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner. Dashboard cleaning and dressing. Cleaning and polish of interior plastic parts. Glass cleaning."3M	Cleaning	Interior Premium Plus	Interior	Extra Large	2790	1200	3990	"An Excellent Combination Of Premium Interior Clean With Ac Duct Cleaning And A 5 Point Check  Includes Complete Interior Cleaning Including Seats, Roof, Floor And Side Panels Using Premium Foam Based Product Dashboard Dressing Cleaning And Dressing Of Interior Plastic Parts  Interiors Five Point Check Ac Duct Cleaning To Eliminate Foul Smell From Ac Vent"3M	Cleaning	Roof Cleaning Classic	Interior	Extra Large	240	150	390	Cleaning of upholstry  Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner.3M	Cleaning	Single-Seat Cleaning (Classic)	Interior	Extra Large	240	150	390	Cleaning of single seat  Wet extraction with 3M All Purpose Cleaner.3M	Cleaning	AC Vents Cleaning - Front Vents	Interior	Extra Large	690	300	990	AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from front AC vent 3M	Cleaning	AC Vents Cleaning - Front & Rear Vents	Interior	Extra Large	1190	500	1690	AC duct cleaning to eliminate foul smell from front and rear AC vent Tee Car Care	Cleaning	Express wash	Exterior	Small			250	Steam wash with foam and engine washTee Car Care	Cleaning	Car Spa	Exterior	Small			775	Exterior Steam wash with foam   interior vaccum  Boot Cleaning  Tyre Dressing  Engine Wash   UV Protection treatment (Exterior)Tee Car Care	VAS	Meguiar Paint sealant essential	Exterior	Small			1850	Exterior Steam wash with foam  Engine Dressing   Tyre Dressing  Boot Cleaning  Dash Board Dressing (Hi Tech Waxing with foam buffers)Tee Car Care	VAS	Meguiar Paint sealant advance	Exterior	Small			3100	Steam Wash  Claying  Complete Rubbing interior vaccum  Polishing   Tyre Dressing   Bumper DressingTee Car Care	Cleaning	Meguiar Power Glow Treatment	Exterior	Small			2250	Steam wash Claying Complete rubbing Glaze treatment  WaxingTee Car Care	VAS	Heat Light Restoration (2 head lamps)	Exterior	Small			875	Recovering the tranparency of headlights. Improving visibility on road at night.Tee Car Care	Cleaning	Front wind shield polishing	Exterior	Small			750	Front Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicleTee Car Care	Cleaning	Front & rear wind shield polishing	Exterior	Small			1250	Front and Rear Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicleTee Car Care	Cleaning	Express wash	Exterior	Medium			350	Steam wash with foam and engine washTee Car Care	Cleaning	Car Spa	Exterior	Medium			875	Exterior Steam wash with foam   interior vaccum  Boot Cleaning  Tyre Dressing  Engine Wash   UV Protection treatment (Exterior)Tee Car Care	VAS	Meguiar paint sealant essential	Exterior	Medium			2550	Exterior Steam wash with foam  Engine Dressing   Tyre Dressing  Boot Cleaning  Dash Board Dressing (Hi Tech Waxing with foam buffers)Tee Car Care	VAS	Meguiar paint sealant advance	Exterior	Medium			4100	Steam Wash  Claying  Complete Rubbing interior vaccum  Polishing   Tyre Dressing   Bumper DressingTee Car Care	Cleaning	Meguiar Power Glow Treatment	Exterior	Medium			3250	Steam wash Claying Complete rubbing Glaze treatment  WaxingTee Car Care	VAS	Heat Light Restoration (2 head lamps)	Exterior	Medium			875	Recovering the tranparency of headlights. Improving visibility on road at night.Tee Car Care	Cleaning	Front wind shield polishing	Exterior	Medium			1050	Front Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicleTee Car Care	Cleaning	Front & rear wind shield polishing	Exterior	Medium			1550	Front and Rear Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicleTee Car Care	Cleaning	Express wash	Exterior	Large			450	Steam wash with foam and engine washTee Car Care	Cleaning	Car Spa	Exterior	Large			975	Exterior Steam wash with foam   interior vaccum  Boot Cleaning  Tyre Dressing  Engine Wash   UV Protection treatment (Exterior)Tee Car Care	VAS	Meguiar paint sealant essential	Exterior	Large			3550	Exterior Steam wash with foam  Engine Dressing   Tyre Dressing  Boot Cleaning  Dash Board Dressing (Hi Tech Waxing with foam buffers)Tee Car Care	VAS	Meguiar paint sealant advance	Exterior	Large			5100	Steam Wash  Claying  Complete Rubbing interior vaccum  Polishing   Tyre Dressing   Bumper DressingTee Car Care	Cleaning	Meguiar Power Glow Treatment	Exterior	Large			4250	Steam wash Claying Complete rubbing Glaze treatment  WaxingTee Car Care	VAS	Heat Light Restoration (2 head lamps)	Exterior	Large			975	Recovering the tranparency of headlights. Improving visibility on road at night.Tee Car Care	Cleaning	Front wind shield polishing	Exterior	Large			1200	Front Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicleTee Car Care	Cleaning	Front & rear wind shield polishing	Exterior	Large			1850	Front and Rear Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicleTee Car Care	Cleaning	Express wash	Exterior	Extra Large			550	Steam wash with foam and engine washTee Car Care	Cleaning	Car Spa	Exterior	Extra Large			1175	Exterior Steam wash with foam   interior vaccum  Boot Cleaning  Tyre Dressing  Engine Wash   UV Protection treatment (Exterior)Tee Car Care	VAS	Meguiar paint sealant essential	Exterior	Extra Large			4450	Exterior Steam wash with foam  Engine Dressing   Tyre Dressing  Boot Cleaning  Dash Board Dressing (Hi Tech Waxing with foam buffers)Tee Car Care	VAS	Meguiar paint sealant advance	Exterior	Extra Large			6100	Steam Wash  Claying  Complete Rubbing interior vaccum  Polishing   Tyre Dressing   Bumper DressingTee Car Care	Cleaning	Meguiar Power Glow Treatment	Exterior	Extra Large			5250	Steam wash Claying Complete rubbing Glaze treatment  WaxingTee Car Care	VAS	Heat Light Restoration (2 head lamps)	Exterior	Extra Large			1075	Recovering the tranparency of headlights. Improving visibility on road at night.Tee Car Care	Cleaning	Front wind shield polishing	Exterior	Extra Large			1400	Front Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicleTee Car Care	Cleaning	Front & rear wind shield polishing	Exterior	Extra Large			2150	Front and Rear Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicleTee Car Care	Cleaning	Car Laundry	Interior	Small			1000	"Dry Cleaning of car seats, upholstry, door panels and floor carpets  Washing foot mats  Dash board dressing"Tee Car Care	Cleaning	Germ Clean	Interior	Small			2000	Germ Cleaning of the interiors of the carTee Car Care	Cleaning	Car Laundry	Interior	Medium			1100	"Dry Cleaning of car seats, upholstry, door panels and floor carpets  Washing foot mats  Dash board dressing"Tee Car Care	Cleaning	Germ Clean	Interior	Medium			2550	Germ Cleaning of the interiors of the carTee Car Care	Cleaning	Car Laundry	Interior	Large			1650	"Dry Cleaning of car seats, upholstry, door panels and floor carpets  Washing foot mats  Dash board dressing"Tee Car Care	Cleaning	Germ Clean	Interior	Large			3000	Germ Cleaning of the interiors of the carTee Car Care	Cleaning	Car Laundry	Interior	Extra Large			2050	"Dry Cleaning of car seats, upholstry, door panels and floor carpets  Washing foot mats  Dash board dressing"Tee Car Care	Cleaning	Germ Clean	Interior	Extra Large			4000	Germ Cleaning of the interiors of the carExppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 1	Overall Package	Small			450	"Complete Vacuuming including Seats & Boot, Washing & Cleaning of Foot Mats, Pre Washing of Car, Foam Cleaning of Car Exterior, Tyres Arches Cleaning, Underbody Wash, Engine Hot Water/Steam Wash, Washing & Cleaning of Door Frames, Body Liquid Polishing/Waxing, Cleaning and Polishing of Dashboard, Tyre Polishing"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 2	Overall Package	Small			600	"Alloy cleaning, Al Side doors of car are cleaned & polished, Car Perfume Spray, Chemical spray for scratch less wind-shield, All black parts polished"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 3	Overall Package	Small			1400	"Upholstery and carpet cleaned/shampooed OR Leather clean and feed, with carpet clean/shampoo"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 1	Overall Package	Medium			500	"Complete Vacuuming including Seats & Boot, Washing & Cleaning of Foot Mats, Pre Washing of Car, Foam Cleaning of Car Exterior, Tyres Arches Cleaning, Underbody Wash, Engine Hot Water/Steam Wash, Washing & Cleaning of Door Frames, Body Liquid Polishing/Waxing, Cleaning and Polishing of Dashboard, Tyre Polishing"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 2	Overall Package	Medium			650	"Alloy cleaning, Al Side doors of car are cleaned & polished, Car Perfume Spray, Chemical spray for scratch less wind-shield, All black parts polished"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 3	Overall Package	Medium			1600	"Upholstery and carpet cleaned/shampooed OR Leather clean and feed, with carpet clean/shampoo"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 1	Overall Package	Large			550	"Complete Vacuuming including Seats & Boot, Washing & Cleaning of Foot Mats, Pre Washing of Car, Foam Cleaning of Car Exterior, Tyres Arches Cleaning, Underbody Wash, Engine Hot Water/Steam Wash, Washing & Cleaning of Door Frames, Body Liquid Polishing/Waxing, Cleaning and Polishing of Dashboard, Tyre Polishing"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 2	Overall Package	Large			700	"Alloy cleaning, Al Side doors of car are cleaned & polished, Car Perfume Spray, Chemical spray for scratch less wind-shield, All black parts polished"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 3	Overall Package	Large			1800	"Upholstery and carpet cleaned/shampooed OR Leather clean and feed, with carpet clean/shampoo"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 1	Overall Package	Extra Large			700	"Complete Vacuuming including Seats & Boot, Washing & Cleaning of Foot Mats, Pre Washing of Car, Foam Cleaning of Car Exterior, Tyres Arches Cleaning, Underbody Wash, Engine Hot Water/Steam Wash, Washing & Cleaning of Door Frames, Body Liquid Polishing/Waxing, Cleaning and Polishing of Dashboard, Tyre Polishing"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 2	Overall Package	Extra Large			1000	"Alloy cleaning, Al Side doors of car are cleaned & polished, Car Perfume Spray, Chemical spray for scratch less wind-shield, All black parts polished"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Exppress 3	Overall Package	Extra Large			3000	"Upholstery and carpet cleaned/shampooed OR Leather clean and feed, with carpet clean/shampoo"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Upholstery & Carpet cleaning	Interior	Small			850	Upholstery and carpet cleaned/shampooed All plastic parts from inside will be clean and polishedExppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Rubbing and waxing	Exterior	Small			1500	It removes a fine layer of your car's paint to rid it of scratches and other imperfections. It is recommended for use to remove scratches and oxidized coating from all types of automotive paint finish. The compound abrasives the surface smooth and peel free and makes it suitable for polishing. The rubbing compound will be abrasive enough to remove the damaged layer of paint and reveal the original color beneath. Benefits to rubbing & waxing :- Bring back the original glossy surface. It removes fine scratches. Removes the dullness of the car. Reveal the original color beneath.Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Paint Protection Film	Exterior	Small			3500	"Paint protection film as it is sometimes known, is one of the best ways to preserve the showroom quality finish on your vehicle. The virtually invisible film will keep your vehicle looking newer longer- without changing the design features or color- by protecting vulnerable areas such as front bumpers, hoods, side mirrors, door handle cavities, door edges, rocker panels, and rear fender panels."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Upholstery & Carpet cleaning	Interior	Medium			950	Upholstery and carpet cleaned/shampooed All plastic parts from inside will be clean and polishedExppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Rubbing and waxing	Exterior	Medium			2000	It removes a fine layer of your car's paint to rid it of scratches and other imperfections. It is recommended for use to remove scratches and oxidized coating from all types of automotive paint finish. The compound abrasives the surface smooth and peel free and makes it suitable for polishing. The rubbing compound will be abrasive enough to remove the damaged layer of paint and reveal the original color beneath. Benefits to rubbing & waxing :- Bring back the original glossy surface. It removes fine scratches. Removes the dullness of the car. Reveal the original color beneath.Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Paint Protection Film	Exterior	Medium			4000	"Paint protection film as it is sometimes known, is one of the best ways to preserve the showroom quality finish on your vehicle. The virtually invisible film will keep your vehicle looking newer longer- without changing the design features or color- by protecting vulnerable areas such as front bumpers, hoods, side mirrors, door handle cavities, door edges, rocker panels, and rear fender panels."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Upholstery & Carpet cleaning	Interior	Large			1100	Upholstery and carpet cleaned/shampooed All plastic parts from inside will be clean and polishedExppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Rubbing and waxing	Exterior	Large			2500	It removes a fine layer of your car's paint to rid it of scratches and other imperfections. It is recommended for use to remove scratches and oxidized coating from all types of automotive paint finish. The compound abrasives the surface smooth and peel free and makes it suitable for polishing. The rubbing compound will be abrasive enough to remove the damaged layer of paint and reveal the original color beneath. Benefits to rubbing & waxing :- Bring back the original glossy surface. It removes fine scratches. Removes the dullness of the car. Reveal the original color beneath.Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Paint Protection Film	Exterior	Large			5000	"Paint protection film as it is sometimes known, is one of the best ways to preserve the showroom quality finish on your vehicle. The virtually invisible film will keep your vehicle looking newer longer- without changing the design features or color- by protecting vulnerable areas such as front bumpers, hoods, side mirrors, door handle cavities, door edges, rocker panels, and rear fender panels."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Upholstery & Carpet cleaning	Interior	Extra Large			2000	Upholstery and carpet cleaned/shampooed All plastic parts from inside will be clean and polishedExppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Rubbing and waxing	Exterior	Extra Large			4000	It removes a fine layer of your car's paint to rid it of scratches and other imperfections. It is recommended for use to remove scratches and oxidized coating from all types of automotive paint finish. The compound abrasives the surface smooth and peel free and makes it suitable for polishing. The rubbing compound will be abrasive enough to remove the damaged layer of paint and reveal the original color beneath. Benefits to rubbing & waxing :- Bring back the original glossy surface. It removes fine scratches. Removes the dullness of the car. Reveal the original color beneath.Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Paint Protection Film	Exterior	Extra Large			8000	"Paint protection film as it is sometimes known, is one of the best ways to preserve the showroom quality finish on your vehicle. The virtually invisible film will keep your vehicle looking newer longer- without changing the design features or color- by protecting vulnerable areas such as front bumpers, hoods, side mirrors, door handle cavities, door edges, rocker panels, and rear fender panels."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	New Car Treatment	Overall Package	Small			10000	Get the essentials to  keep the car new for a  very long time Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Underbody Coating	Underbody	Small			2000	"This treatment is designed to provide long-term protection from rust to the under chassis Protects underbody substrates from: Environmental conditions Impacts Abrasions Dampens sound and vibration Insulates against cold and heat Protects against Corrosion Seals off seams Hides welds, repairs & bodywork overspray"Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Engine Coating	Underbody	Small			500	"This treatment is designed to provide a high gloss and slippery coating on to the engine parts, hoses etc. The primary advantage of this treatment is to prevent the hoses and electrical wiring from getting bitten by rats so that a vehicle parked for a long duration is not a victim of such untoward incidents. Leaves a high, glossy, transparent surface finish Excellent resistance to: Petrol/Diesel Engine Oil High Pressure water Road grime Avoids corrosion Can be washed easily Does not blister, crack, peel or yellow"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Cavity/Side Door	Exterior	Small			2500	This treatment is designed to spray the door panels with high viscous anti rust coating to provide long term protection from rust.  Protects door panels from: Environmental conditions Insulates against cold and heat Protects against CorrosionExppress Car Wash	VAS	Fabric Protection	Interior	Small			2500	"In this treatment, a thorough cleaning of the fabric is carried out by a proprietary chemical. This removes the dirt, dust & grime including very tough stains like chocolates, coffee/ tea etc. The aerosol used to clean the surface dries very quickly, hence leaving no bad odours and making the interiors fresh. Cleans & Protects: Carpets Interior Vinyl Fabric Plastics Rubber surfaces Removes all dirt and restores leather seats and side padding Produces a true colour of fabric giving a natural and rich appearance."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Headlight Cleaning	Exterior	Small			300	"This treatment radically improves the visibility of headlights by giving a new life to the head light cover. It clears all hard water and oxidation from the glass, thereby letting the headlights shine bright Removes all dirt, dust, hard water marks from the glass Removes the oxidation formed which clears the passage of light Makes night driving safer"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Glow Treatment	Exterior	Small			1200	"This glow treatment shines a carÍs surface as. Once years of analysis, this protection has well-tried to be specifically what each automotive has to retain its like-new surface. The good thing about glow treatment: Hardens to make a protecting shield. Spray-on technology permits for straightforward application. Clear-coat safe. Improves paint hardness by a minimum of 200. Anti-acids and anti-salts. High gloss and mirror-finish effects. Hydrophobic; water-repelling. Dirt-deflecting, keeping paint clean longer. Easy to scrub. Weather protection for a protracted lasting shine against ultraviolet illumination and alternative components. Anti corrosive. No requirement of waxing !"Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Leather Conditioning	Interior	Small			500	"In this treatment, an intensive cleansing of the leather is allotted by a proprietary chemical. This removes the dirt, mud; grime together with terribly powerful stains like chocolates, coffee/ tea etc. The aerosol accustomed clean the surface dries quickly, hence no unhealthy odours and creating the interiors recent. Cleans & Protects: Carpets Interior Vinyl Leather Plastics Rubber surfaces Removes all dirt and restores leather seats and facet cushioning Produces a real color of leather giving a natural and made look."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Glass Treatment	Exterior	Small			1000	"This is for cleansing and protection of windshield of cars. With this treatment, hard water marks and oxidation are removed and a fine protective layer is formed to provide clear vision to drive during night as well as during rainy season. This enhances the safety & drive-ability. Dramatically improves all weather visibility, safety and driving comfort. Exppress Car Wash water repellent creates a super-slick, non stick coating which causes rain or water to bead up for an aerodynamic run off Helps during night drives _ No Glare Removes all hard water stains _ hence improving visibility Avoids future hard water mark stains for minimum of one year Disperses rain on windshield and reduces the need for wipers. Keeps windshield glass clean"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Alloy Treatment	Exterior	Small			700	"This treatment is designed for cleaning and protection of the alloy wheels. One of the biggest challenges being faced is in protecting alloy wheels from brake dust and grime. This, in-turn leaves spider web cracks on the alloy wheels and cannot be repaired. The beauty and sheen of the alloy wheels is lost in the process. This application is aimed at restoring the lost sheen of the alloy wheels and also ensuring long-term protection. Grime Only regular washing needed after Protection No need for expensive alloy wheel cleaners No cracking or scaling off of the Alloy coating"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	AC Treatment	Interior	Small			500	This protection is designed to disinfect the Air conditioner ducts and to improve air quality Cleans the Air conditioner coils and ducts Disinfects the ducts and helps to stop buildup of mould Removes all bad and foul odors from the ducts Improves in-car air quality for the well being of driver and passengersExppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Steam Wash	Exterior	Small			600	Exterior cleaning of the car using steam.Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Silencer Coating	Underbody	Small			800	"We are instrumental in offering premium quality Silencer Coating Services to our valuable customers. These coating services are highly appreciated among our customers for their cost effectiveness. In order to ensure execution of these services within assured time frame, we have appointed a team of skilled professionals The key benefit of this Silencer coating is : It insulates the silencer body to create more stable, consistent power. It substantially reduces radiant heat from the silencer body. It also reduces the chance of heat related damage to the belly pan and hood when used in severe conditions like breaking trail in deep snow. The high gloss appearance of this durable finish is an added bonus. It requires minimal maintenance to keep it looking good, and life expectancy is increased. It Restore that brand new look of your exhaust system with silencer coating."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	New Car Treatment	Overall Package	Medium			12000	Get the essentials to  keep the car new for a  very long time Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Underbody Coating	Underbody	Medium			2500	"This treatment is designed to provide long-term protection from rust to the under chassis Protects underbody substrates from: Environmental conditions Impacts Abrasions Dampens sound and vibration Insulates against cold and heat Protects against Corrosion Seals off seams Hides welds, repairs & bodywork overspray"Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Engine Coating	Underbody	Medium			700	"This treatment is designed to provide a high gloss and slippery coating on to the engine parts, hoses etc. The primary advantage of this treatment is to prevent the hoses and electrical wiring from getting bitten by rats so that a vehicle parked for a long duration is not a victim of such untoward incidents. Leaves a high, glossy, transparent surface finish Excellent resistance to: Petrol/Diesel Engine Oil High Pressure water Road grime Avoids corrosion Can be washed easily Does not blister, crack, peel or yellow"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Cavicty/Side Door	Exterior	Medium			3000	This treatment is designed to spray the door panels with high viscous anti rust coating to provide long term protection from rust.  Protects door panels from: Environmental conditions Insulates against cold and heat Protects against CorrosionExppress Car Wash	VAS	Fabric Protection	Interior	Medium			3000	"In this treatment, a thorough cleaning of the fabric is carried out by a proprietary chemical. This removes the dirt, dust & grime including very tough stains like chocolates, coffee/ tea etc. The aerosol used to clean the surface dries very quickly, hence leaving no bad odours and making the interiors fresh. Cleans & Protects: Carpets Interior Vinyl Fabric Plastics Rubber surfaces Removes all dirt and restores leather seats and side padding Produces a true colour of fabric giving a natural and rich appearance."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Headlight Cleaning	Exterior	Medium			400	"This treatment radically improves the visibility of headlights by giving a new life to the head light cover. It clears all hard water and oxidation from the glass, thereby letting the headlights shine bright Removes all dirt, dust, hard water marks from the glass Removes the oxidation formed which clears the passage of light Makes night driving safer"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Glow Treatment	Exterior	Medium			1500	"This glow treatment shines a carÍs surface as. Once years of analysis, this protection has well-tried to be specifically what each automotive has to retain its like-new surface. The good thing about glow treatment: Hardens to make a protecting shield. Spray-on technology permits for straightforward application. Clear-coat safe. Improves paint hardness by a minimum of 200. Anti-acids and anti-salts. High gloss and mirror-finish effects. Hydrophobic; water-repelling. Dirt-deflecting, keeping paint clean longer. Easy to scrub. Weather protection for a protracted lasting shine against ultraviolet illumination and alternative components. Anti corrosive. No requirement of waxing !"Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Leather Conditioning	Interior	Medium			1000	"In this treatment, an intensive cleansing of the leather is allotted by a proprietary chemical. This removes the dirt, mud; grime together with terribly powerful stains like chocolates, coffee/ tea etc. The aerosol accustomed clean the surface dries quickly, hence no unhealthy odours and creating the interiors recent. Cleans & Protects: Carpets Interior Vinyl Leather Plastics Rubber surfaces Removes all dirt and restores leather seats and facet cushioning Produces a real color of leather giving a natural and made look."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Glass Treatment	Exterior	Medium			1200	"This is for cleansing and protection of windshield of cars. With this treatment, hard water marks and oxidation are removed and a fine protective layer is formed to provide clear vision to drive during night as well as during rainy season. This enhances the safety & drive-ability. Dramatically improves all weather visibility, safety and driving comfort. Exppress Car Wash water repellent creates a super-slick, non stick coating which causes rain or water to bead up for an aerodynamic run off Helps during night drives _ No Glare Removes all hard water stains _ hence improving visibility Avoids future hard water mark stains for minimum of one year Disperses rain on windshield and reduces the need for wipers. Keeps windshield glass clean"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Alloy Treatment	Exterior	Medium			800	"This treatment is designed for cleaning and protection of the alloy wheels. One of the biggest challenges being faced is in protecting alloy wheels from brake dust and grime. This, in-turn leaves spider web cracks on the alloy wheels and cannot be repaired. The beauty and sheen of the alloy wheels is lost in the process. This application is aimed at restoring the lost sheen of the alloy wheels and also ensuring long-term protection. Grime Only regular washing needed after Protection No need for expensive alloy wheel cleaners No cracking or scaling off of the Alloy coating"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	AC Treatment	Interior	Medium			600	This protection is designed to disinfect the Air conditioner ducts and to improve air quality Cleans the Air conditioner coils and ducts Disinfects the ducts and helps to stop buildup of mould Removes all bad and foul odors from the ducts Improves in-car air quality for the well being of driver and passengersExppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Steam Wash	Exterior	Medium			800	Exterior cleaning of the car using steam.Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Silencer Coating	Underbody	Medium			1000	"We are instrumental in offering premium quality Silencer Coating Services to our valuable customers. These coating services are highly appreciated among our customers for their cost effectiveness. In order to ensure execution of these services within assured time frame, we have appointed a team of skilled professionals The key benefit of this Silencer coating is : It insulates the silencer body to create more stable, consistent power. It substantially reduces radiant heat from the silencer body. It also reduces the chance of heat related damage to the belly pan and hood when used in severe conditions like breaking trail in deep snow. The high gloss appearance of this durable finish is an added bonus. It requires minimal maintenance to keep it looking good, and life expectancy is increased. It Restore that brand new look of your exhaust system with silencer coating."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	New Car Treatment	Overall Package	Large			15000	Get the essentials to  keep the car new for a  very long time Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Underbody Coating	Underbody	Large			3000	"This treatment is designed to provide long-term protection from rust to the under chassis Protects underbody substrates from: Environmental conditions Impacts Abrasions Dampens sound and vibration Insulates against cold and heat Protects against Corrosion Seals off seams Hides welds, repairs & bodywork overspray"Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Engine Coating	Underbody	Large			1000	"This treatment is designed to provide a high gloss and slippery coating on to the engine parts, hoses etc. The primary advantage of this treatment is to prevent the hoses and electrical wiring from getting bitten by rats so that a vehicle parked for a long duration is not a victim of such untoward incidents. Leaves a high, glossy, transparent surface finish Excellent resistance to: Petrol/Diesel Engine Oil High Pressure water Road grime Avoids corrosion Can be washed easily Does not blister, crack, peel or yellow"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Cavity/Side Door	Exterior	Large			3500	This treatment is designed to spray the door panels with high viscous anti rust coating to provide long term protection from rust.  Protects door panels from: Environmental conditions Insulates against cold and heat Protects against CorrosionExppress Car Wash	VAS	Fabric Protection	Interior	Large			3500	"In this treatment, a thorough cleaning of the fabric is carried out by a proprietary chemical. This removes the dirt, dust & grime including very tough stains like chocolates, coffee/ tea etc. The aerosol used to clean the surface dries very quickly, hence leaving no bad odours and making the interiors fresh. Cleans & Protects: Carpets Interior Vinyl Fabric Plastics Rubber surfaces Removes all dirt and restores leather seats and side padding Produces a true colour of fabric giving a natural and rich appearance."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Headlight Cleaning	Exterior	Large			600	"This treatment radically improves the visibility of headlights by giving a new life to the head light cover. It clears all hard water and oxidation from the glass, thereby letting the headlights shine bright Removes all dirt, dust, hard water marks from the glass Removes the oxidation formed which clears the passage of light Makes night driving safer"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Glow Treatment	Exterior	Large			2000	"This glow treatment shines a carÍs surface as. Once years of analysis, this protection has well-tried to be specifically what each automotive has to retain its like-new surface. The good thing about glow treatment: Hardens to make a protecting shield. Spray-on technology permits for straightforward application. Clear-coat safe. Improves paint hardness by a minimum of 200. Anti-acids and anti-salts. High gloss and mirror-finish effects. Hydrophobic; water-repelling. Dirt-deflecting, keeping paint clean longer. Easy to scrub. Weather protection for a protracted lasting shine against ultraviolet illumination and alternative components. Anti corrosive. No requirement of waxing !"Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Leather Conditioning	Interior	Large			1500	"In this treatment, an intensive cleansing of the leather is allotted by a proprietary chemical. This removes the dirt, mud; grime together with terribly powerful stains like chocolates, coffee/ tea etc. The aerosol accustomed clean the surface dries quickly, hence no unhealthy odours and creating the interiors recent. Cleans & Protects: Carpets Interior Vinyl Leather Plastics Rubber surfaces Removes all dirt and restores leather seats and facet cushioning Produces a real color of leather giving a natural and made look."Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Glass Treatment	Exterior	Large			1500	"This is for cleansing and protection of windshield of cars. With this treatment, hard water marks and oxidation are removed and a fine protective layer is formed to provide clear vision to drive during night as well as during rainy season. This enhances the safety & drive-ability. Dramatically improves all weather visibility, safety and driving comfort. Exppress Car Wash water repellent creates a super-slick, non stick coating which causes rain or water to bead up for an aerodynamic run off Helps during night drives _ No Glare Removes all hard water stains _ hence improving visibility Avoids future hard water mark stains for minimum of one year Disperses rain on windshield and reduces the need for wipers. Keeps windshield glass clean"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Alloy Treatment	Exterior	Large			1000	"This treatment is designed for cleaning and protection of the alloy wheels. One of the biggest challenges being faced is in protecting alloy wheels from brake dust and grime. This, in-turn leaves spider web cracks on the alloy wheels and cannot be repaired. The beauty and sheen of the alloy wheels is lost in the process. This application is aimed at restoring the lost sheen of the alloy wheels and also ensuring long-term protection. Grime Only regular washing needed after Protection No need for expensive alloy wheel cleaners No cracking or scaling off of the Alloy coating"Exppress Car Wash	Cleaning	AC Treatment	Interior	Large			800	This protection is designed to disinfect the Air conditioner ducts and to improve air quality Cleans the Air conditioner coils and ducts Disinfects the ducts and helps to stop buildup of mould Removes all bad and foul odors from the ducts Improves in-car air quality for the well being of driver and passengersExppress Car Wash	Cleaning	Steam Wash	Exterior	Large			1000	Exterior cleaning of the car using steam.Exppress Car Wash	VAS	Silencer Coating	Underbody	Large			1200	"We are instrumental in offering premium quality Silencer Coating Services to our valuable customers. These coating services are highly appreciated among our customers for their cost effectiveness. In order to ensure execution of these services within assured time frame, we have appointed a team of skilled professionals The key benefit of this Silencer coating is : It insulates the silencer body to create more stable, consistent power. It substantially reduces radiant heat from the silencer body. It also reduces the chance of heat related damage to the belly pan and hood when used in severe conditions like breaking trail in deep snow. The high gloss appearance of this durable finish is an added bonus. It requires minimal maintenance to keep it looking good, and life expectancy is increased. It Restore that brand new look of your exhaust system with silencer coating."3M	VAS	3M paint Sealant - Advanced	Exterior	Small	2790	1200	3990	"Give ultimate protection to the paint surface with 3M's advanced Paint sealant technology Removes dirt and other marks from car surface,Restores gloss and seals the finished car surface. This package includes the following services. Exterior clay wiping for removing grease, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Exterior polishing. 3M's paint sealant application. Bumper dressing. Tyre cleaning. Glass cleaning. Dry vacuuming."3M	VAS	3M paint Sealant - Essential	Exterior	Small	1640	700	2340	"Give ultimate protection to the paint surface with 3M's advanced Paint sealant technology Removes dirt and other marks from car surface,Restores gloss and seals the finished car surface. This package includes the following services. Exterior clay wiping for removing grease, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Exterior polishing. 3M's paint sealant application. Bumper dressing. Tyre cleaning. Glass cleaning. Dry vacuuming."3M	Cleaning	Exterior Superb	Exterior	Small	1640	750	2390	"Get your car looking surprisingly new with 3M's Unique treatment combination(recommended for cars with mild scratches and swirl marks). Removes dirt, minor scratches and marks on car surface to restores original Paint gloss. This package includes the following services Removal of oil and grease, swirl marks, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Original paint gloss restoration. Surface protection with 3M wax. Tyre and bumper cleaning and dressing. Windshield cleaning with 3M glass cleaner. Interior dry vacuuming."3M	Cleaning	Glass Polish - Front and Rear Windshield	Exterior	Small	1290	600	1890	Front and Rear Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicle3M	Cleaning	Glass Polish - Front Windshield	Exterior	Small	690	300	990	Front Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicle3M	VAS	Headlight Restoration	Exterior	Small	840	400	1240	Recovering the tranparency of headlights. Improving visibility on road at night.3M	VAS	Mag & Alloy Wheel Polish	Exterior	Small	590	250	840	Shining the alloys of your car.3M	Cleaning	Power Shine	Exterior	Small	2040	900	2940	"Get a ''showroom new look'' with 3M's Superior 2000 and 3000 trizact technology (recommended for cars having deeper swirls and scratches).Removes swirl marks, minor scratches, dirt and other marks from Car surface and restores original paint gloss and smooth surface finish. This package includes the following services Vacuuming of interiors. Exterior Foam wash, clay wiping and tar removal. Surface Preparation with 3M 2000 Grit. Scratch removal with 3M PERFECT-IT (TM) 3000 Rubbing compound. Polishing for swirl mark removal. 3M Paste wax application for protection. Bumper and tire dressing. Glass cleaning."3M	VAS	Tar Removal	Exterior	Small	340	150	490	Tar removal from the underbody of your car3M	VAS	UV Protect	Exterior	Small	690	300	990	"Complete cleanup of your car from boot to bonnet plus get protection with 3M's paste wax In addition to thorough cleaning, this treatment imparts a Glossy look to the car and forms a protective layer on it. This package includes the following services. Complete car body cleaning. Cleaning wheels and wheel arches. Dry vacuuming interiors. Dashboard cleaning. Engine cleaning and degreasing. 3M Paste wax application on car body. Tyre dressing."3M	VAS	3M paint Sealant - Advanced	Exterior	Medium	3640	1600	5240	"Give ultimate protection to the paint surface with 3M's advanced Paint sealant technology Removes dirt and other marks from car surface,Restores gloss and seals the finished car surface. This package includes the following services. Exterior clay wiping for removing grease, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Exterior polishing. 3M's paint sealant application. Bumper dressing. Tyre cleaning. Glass cleaning. Dry vacuuming."3M	VAS	3M paint Sealant - Essential	Exterior	Medium	2490	1100	3590	"Give ultimate protection to the paint surface with 3M's advanced Paint sealant technology Removes dirt and other marks from car surface,Restores gloss and seals the finished car surface. This package includes the following services. Exterior clay wiping for removing grease, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Exterior polishing. 3M's paint sealant application. Bumper dressing. Tyre cleaning. Glass cleaning. Dry vacuuming."3M	Cleaning	3M Trizact Treatment	Exterior	Medium	5990	2550	8540	"Removes Minor Scratches, Dirt And Other Marks From Car Surface And Restores Original Paint Gloss. Includes Exterior Clay Wiping And Tar Removal Exterior Compounding Exterior Polishing Waxing With 3MÍS Paste Wax For ïUv ProtectionÍ Bumper Dressing Tyre Dressing Glass Cleaning Dry Vacuuming Of Interiors"3M	Cleaning	Exterior Superb	Exterior	Medium	1990	900	2890	"Get your car looking surprisingly new with 3M's Unique treatment combination(recommended for cars with mild scratches and swirl marks). Removes dirt, minor scratches and marks on car surface to restores original Paint gloss. This package includes the following services Removal of oil and grease, swirl marks, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Original paint gloss restoration. Surface protection with 3M wax. Tyre and bumper cleaning and dressing. Windshield cleaning with 3M glass cleaner. Interior dry vacuuming."3M	Cleaning	Glass Polish - Front and Rear Windshield	Exterior	Medium	1590	700	2290	Front and Rear Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicle3M	Cleaning	Glass Polish - Front Windshield	Exterior	Medium	940	450	1390	Front Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicle3M	VAS	Headlight Restoration	Exterior	Medium	840	400	1240	Recovering the tranparency of headlights. Improving visibility on road at night.3M	VAS	Mag & Alloy Wheel Polish	Exterior	Medium	590	250	840	Shining the alloys of your car.3M	Cleaning	Power Shine	Exterior	Medium	2690	1150	3840	"Get a ''showroom new look'' with 3M's Superior 2000 and 3000 trizact technology (recommended for cars having deeper swirls and scratches).Removes swirl marks, minor scratches, dirt and other marks from Car surface and restores original paint gloss and smooth surface finish. This package includes the following services Vacuuming of interiors. Exterior Foam wash, clay wiping and tar removal. Surface Preparation with 3M 2000 Grit. Scratch removal with 3M PERFECT-IT (TM) 3000 Rubbing compound. Polishing for swirl mark removal. 3M Paste wax application for protection. Bumper and tire dressing. Glass cleaning."3M	VAS	Tar Removal	Exterior	Medium	390	200	590	Tar removal from the underbody of your car3M	VAS	UV Protect	Exterior	Medium	790	350	1140	"Complete cleanup of your car from boot to bonnet plus get protection with 3M's paste wax In addition to thorough cleaning, this treatment imparts a Glossy look to the car and forms a protective layer on it. This package includes the following services. Complete car body cleaning. Cleaning wheels and wheel arches. Dry vacuuming interiors. Dashboard cleaning. Engine cleaning and degreasing. 3M Paste wax application on car body. Tyre dressing."3M	VAS	3M paint Sealant - Advanced	Exterior	Large	4440	1950	6390	"Give ultimate protection to the paint surface with 3M's advanced Paint sealant technology Removes dirt and other marks from car surface,Restores gloss and seals the finished car surface. This package includes the following services. Exterior clay wiping for removing grease, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Exterior polishing. 3M's paint sealant application. Bumper dressing. Tyre cleaning. Glass cleaning. Dry vacuuming."3M	VAS	3M paint Sealant - Essential	Exterior	Large	3390	1450	4840	"Give ultimate protection to the paint surface with 3M's advanced Paint sealant technology Removes dirt and other marks from car surface,Restores gloss and seals the finished car surface. This package includes the following services. Exterior clay wiping for removing grease, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Exterior polishing. 3M's paint sealant application. Bumper dressing. Tyre cleaning. Glass cleaning. Dry vacuuming."3M	Cleaning	3M Trizact Treatment	Exterior	Large	6840	2950	9790	"Removes Minor Scratches, Dirt And Other Marks From Car Surface And Restores Original Paint Gloss. Includes Exterior Clay Wiping And Tar Removal Exterior Compounding Exterior Polishing Waxing With 3MÍS Paste Wax For ïUv ProtectionÍ Bumper Dressing Tyre Dressing Glass Cleaning Dry Vacuuming Of Interiors"3M	Cleaning	Exterior Superb	Exterior	Large	2340	1050	3390	"Get your car looking surprisingly new with 3M's Unique treatment combination(recommended for cars with mild scratches and swirl marks). Removes dirt, minor scratches and marks on car surface to restores original Paint gloss. This package includes the following services Removal of oil and grease, swirl marks, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Original paint gloss restoration. Surface protection with 3M wax. Tyre and bumper cleaning and dressing. Windshield cleaning with 3M glass cleaner. Interior dry vacuuming."3M	Cleaning	Glass Polish - Front and Rear Windshield	Exterior	Large	1940	850	2790	Front and Rear Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicle3M	Cleaning	Glass Polish - Front Windshield	Exterior	Large	1090	500	1590	Front Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicle3M	VAS	Headlight Restoration	Exterior	Large	990	450	1440	Recovering the tranparency of headlights. Improving visibility on road at night.3M	VAS	Mag & Alloy Wheel Polish	Exterior	Large	690	300	990	Shining the alloys of your car.3M	Cleaning	Power Shine	Exterior	Large	3740	1600	5340	"Get a ''showroom new look'' with 3M's Superior 2000 and 3000 trizact technology (recommended for cars having deeper swirls and scratches).Removes swirl marks, minor scratches, dirt and other marks from Car surface and restores original paint gloss and smooth surface finish. This package includes the following services Vacuuming of interiors. Exterior Foam wash, clay wiping and tar removal. Surface Preparation with 3M 2000 Grit. Scratch removal with 3M PERFECT-IT (TM) 3000 Rubbing compound. Polishing for swirl mark removal. 3M Paste wax application for protection. Bumper and tire dressing. Glass cleaning."3M	VAS	Tar Removal	Exterior	Large	490	200	690	Tar removal from the underbody of your car3M	VAS	UV Protect	Exterior	Large	940	400	1340	"Complete cleanup of your car from boot to bonnet plus get protection with 3M's paste wax In addition to thorough cleaning, this treatment imparts a Glossy look to the car and forms a protective layer on it. This package includes the following services. Complete car body cleaning. Cleaning wheels and wheel arches. Dry vacuuming interiors. Dashboard cleaning. Engine cleaning and degreasing. 3M Paste wax application on car body. Tyre dressing."3M	VAS	3M paint Sealant - Advanced	Exterior	Extra Large	5290	2300	7590	"Give ultimate protection to the paint surface with 3M's advanced Paint sealant technology Removes dirt and other marks from car surface,Restores gloss and seals the finished car surface. This package includes the following services. Exterior clay wiping for removing grease, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Exterior polishing. 3M's paint sealant application. Bumper dressing. Tyre cleaning. Glass cleaning. Dry vacuuming."3M	VAS	3M paint Sealant - Essential	Exterior	Extra Large	4190	1800	5990	"Give ultimate protection to the paint surface with 3M's advanced Paint sealant technology Removes dirt and other marks from car surface,Restores gloss and seals the finished car surface. This package includes the following services. Exterior clay wiping for removing grease, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Exterior polishing. 3M's paint sealant application. Bumper dressing. Tyre cleaning. Glass cleaning. Dry vacuuming."3M	Cleaning	3M Trizact Treatment	Exterior	Extra Large	7740	3350	11090	"Removes Minor Scratches, Dirt And Other Marks From Car Surface And Restores Original Paint Gloss. Includes Exterior Clay Wiping And Tar Removal Exterior Compounding Exterior Polishing Waxing With 3MÍS Paste Wax For ïUv ProtectionÍ Bumper Dressing Tyre Dressing Glass Cleaning Dry Vacuuming Of Interiors"3M	Cleaning	Exterior Superb	Exterior	Extra Large	2790	1200	3990	"Get your car looking surprisingly new with 3M's Unique treatment combination(recommended for cars with mild scratches and swirl marks). Removes dirt, minor scratches and marks on car surface to restores original Paint gloss. This package includes the following services Removal of oil and grease, swirl marks, sticky dirt, tar marks etc. Original paint gloss restoration. Surface protection with 3M wax. Tyre and bumper cleaning and dressing. Windshield cleaning with 3M glass cleaner. Interior dry vacuuming."3M	Cleaning	Glass Polish - Front and Rear Windshield	Exterior	Extra Large	2240	950	3190	Front and Rear Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicle3M	Cleaning	Glass Polish - Front Windshield	Exterior	Extra Large	1240	550	1790	Front Windshield polishing for the perfect visibility of the vehicle3M	VAS	Headlight Restoration	Exterior	Extra Large	1140	500	1640	Recovering the tranparency of headlights. Improving visibility on road at night.3M	VAS	Mag & Alloy Wheel Polish	Exterior	Extra Large	690	300	990	Shining the alloys of your car.3M	Cleaning	Power Shine	Exterior	Extra Large	4440	1950	6390	"Get a ''showroom new look'' with 3M's Superior 2000 and 3000 trizact technology (recommended for cars having deeper swirls and scratches).Removes swirl marks, minor scratches, dirt and other marks from Car surface and restores original paint gloss and smooth surface finish. This package includes the following services Vacuuming of interiors. Exterior Foam wash, clay wiping and tar removal. Surface Preparation with 3M 2000 Grit. Scratch removal with 3M PERFECT-IT (TM) 3000 Rubbing compound. Polishing for swirl mark removal. 3M Paste wax application for protection. Bumper and tire dressing. Glass cleaning."3M	VAS	Tar Removal	Exterior	Extra Large	540	250	790	Tar removal from the underbody of your car3M	VAS	UV Protect	Exterior	Extra Large	1090	450	1540	"Complete cleanup of your car from boot to bonnet plus get protection with 3M's paste wax In addition to thorough cleaning, this treatment imparts a Glossy look to the car and forms a protective layer on it. This package includes the following services. Complete car body cleaning. Cleaning wheels and wheel arches. Dry vacuuming interiors. Dashboard cleaning. Engine cleaning and degreasing. 3M Paste wax application on car body. Tyre dressing."ClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Eco Clean Overall	Overall Package	Small	0	0	150	Using eco friendly solution applied using microfibre cloth which gives prolongs your cars lusture without leaving any traces behind Dry vacuuming of the upholstry  Dashboard polishingClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Exterior Eco Clean	Exterior	Small	0	0	100	Using eco friendly solution applied using microfibre cloth which gives prolongs your cars lusture without leaving any traces behindClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Interior Eco Clean	Interior	Small	0	0	100	Dry vacuuming of the upholstry  Dashboard polishingClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Eco Clean Overall	Overall Package	Medium	0	0	150	Using eco friendly solution applied using microfibre cloth which gives prolongs your cars lusture without leaving any traces behind Dry vacuuming of the upholstry  Dashboard polishingClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Exterior Eco Clean	Exterior	Medium	0	0	100	Using eco friendly solution applied using microfibre cloth which gives prolongs your cars lusture without leaving any traces behindClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Interior Eco Clean	Interior	Medium	0	0	100	Dry vacuuming of the upholstry  Dashboard polishingClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Eco Clean Overall	Overall Package	Large	0	0	150	Using eco friendly solution applied using microfibre cloth which gives prolongs your cars lusture without leaving any traces behind Dry vacuuming of the upholstry  Dashboard polishingClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Exterior Eco Clean	Exterior	Large	0	0	100	Using eco friendly solution applied using microfibre cloth which gives prolongs your cars lusture without leaving any traces behindClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Interior Eco Clean	Interior	Large	0	0	100	Dry vacuuming of the upholstry  Dashboard polishingClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Eco Clean Overall	Overall Package	Extra Large	0	0	150	Using eco friendly solution applied using microfibre cloth which gives prolongs your cars lusture without leaving any traces behind Dry vacuuming of the upholstry  Dashboard polishingClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Exterior Eco Clean	Exterior	Extra Large	0	0	100	Using eco friendly solution applied using microfibre cloth which gives prolongs your cars lusture without leaving any traces behindClickGarage On-The-Go	Cleaning	Interior Eco Clean	Interior	Extra Large	0	0	100	Dry vacuuming of the upholstry  Dashboard polishing